Upgrade to Composable Kernel 7.2 (#396)
amd/rocm-examples: Libraries/ComposableKernel/attention/topk_softmax/README.md

## Description

This example demonstrates how to launch a topk-softmax kernel with the CK Tile programming model. The input is a

> `token*expert` 2D matrix. The operation will apply an activation function (softmax or sigmoid) per row (`expert`), then find the `topk` value for each row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token*expert` 2D matrix. The operation will apply one activation function (either softmax or sigmoid) per row (`expert`), then find the `topk` value for each row.
```
